add configuration call (#82)
ECP-VeloC/AXL: doc/README.md

subset of options can also be set for individual AXL transfers by passing them
in a subtree "id" of the kvtree indexed by their integer transfer id. These
options are included in the result of AXL\_Config as an "id" subtree. By
default a transfer will use the values of the global configuration options
present at the time the transfer is created. Changing options of a transfer
after is has been dispatched results in undefined behavior.

An example kvtree may look like this:

    +- FILE_BUF_SIZE
    |  +- 1000000
    +- DEBUG
    |  +- 0
    +- id
       +- 42
       |  +- FILE_BUF_SIZE
       |  |  +- 1048576
       |  +- COPY_METADATA 
       |     +- 1
       +- 1
          +- FILE_BUF_SIZE
             +- 65536

axl.h defines symbolic names for all parameter which should be used instead of
the immediate strings whenever possible to avoid typos and runtime errors.

The current set of configuariont options including their default value is
(prefix Name by AXL\_KEY\_CONFIG\_ for symbolic name):

Name | Type  | Default | Per transfer | Description
-----|------:|-----:|:-:|--------------------------------------------------------

> FILE\_BUF\_SIZE | Byte count | 1048576 | Yes | Specify the number of bytes to use for internal buffers when copying files between the parallel file system and the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FILE\_BUF\_SIZE | Byte count | 1048576 | Yes | Specify the number of bytes to use for internal buffers when copying files between source and destination.
```

DEBUG           |    Boolean |       0 |  No | Set to 1 to have AXL print debug messages to stdout, set to 0 for no output.

> MKDIR           |    Boolean |       1 | Yes | Specifies whether the device supports the creation of directories (1) or not (0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKDIR           |    Boolean |       1 | Yes | Specifies whether the destination file system supports the creation of directories (1) or not (0).
```
